[Music]
to West Jerusalem where Israel's prime
minister is
speaking fighting them and
to and to restore peace in the south in
the north and all over the
country such a victory
citizens of
Israel and this bravery I would like to
talk about such a
heroism this
evening one of them looked me in the
eyes and he said Mr prime minister we
must we must continue Until the End
these are the same words and with these
words I've heard it from all the
families of the
victims people with amputated
legs without
exception all of them said we must
continue until the end until we
eliminate Hamas we will requal F and we
will continue to fight our enemies in
defending our country citizens of Israel
as you know we have an excellent
generation and we have a debt and with
such an effort we will continue our
fighting until we achieve all the war
objectives this week in um an amazing uh
Special Forces operation we have brought
back two captives to their families and
I have met with these
Warriors there were other Heroes as well
I was in the command post it was it was
the decisive
moment a moment where it was teetering
between failure and success and within
seconds I've heard someone
say say that we got the captives and
everyone was happy to receive such news
the risk was
high I have ordered such operation
because I believe in our Warriors I
believe in their bravery and
professionalism when I met with them I
hugged them I embraced them I told them
you are the best fighters in the world
the people of Israel are proud of
you our policy to liberate and bring
back the captives is military pressure
and until now this what we have done and
we have brought back 120 of them we
shall continue until we bring back all
the captives negotiations require
steadfastness and I have to say to the
people of Israel up to this moment Hamas
demands are ridiculous and silly and
they mean only one thing they mean that
they mean defeat to Israel once Hamas
compromises and give concessions on such
demands we can make progress and I would
like to say to the families of the
captives we shall not forget our
commitment to bringing back the captives
and I would like to say one word for
those people who have been evacuated
from the south the government of Israel
is committing is committed to bringing
you back to your homes we will achieve
this either politically or
militarily we have only one
message to our enemies near and far and
the path for gaining our
rights we are paying high price with the
heroes who have fallen in the B the
field
battle the people of Israel need you
this is not a
moto we must be able to fight our enemy
and to protect the state of Israel I say
and to Albert and to you citizens of
Israel we will not stop until we
eliminate our enemy those people who who
gave the ultimate sacrifice as continue
their
operations over the past uh days uh we
have been able to reach to sites and
locations of Hamas we will not stop
until we eliminate the entire
organization of Hamas until we achieve
decisive
Victory we must eliminate the chiefs of
Hamas who are running from one place to
another we will close our decisive
Victory with them this is only a matter
of time I spoke with President Biden
every day we communicate with the heads
of states around the world and we
continue to stress the fact that we
shall continue fighting until theis of
History this will include also the Rafa
operation only after we enable the
residents to be removed for to Safe
areas I will
not the political process we are leading
the political process this enables us to
grant us freedom of movement five months
this has never happened in the history
of Israeli Wars and I would like to say
this is not a done deal we are achieving
such accomplishments with your strength
you the people of Israel we will not
compromise under any pressure because we
are people of Heroes we will shall not
compromise because we we love life we
are committed to eliminating evil and we
shall not step down to International
dictates with regards to Future deal
with the Palestinian I would like to
reiterate and emphasize this this
evening such a compromise should be
through direct unconditional
negotiations Israel will continue
denying the recognition of a Palestinian
State
unilaterally how can we give recognition
to such a state after the massacre of
October the
7th this would be a reward to
terrorism citizens of Israel we are on
the path towards history our Fighters
demand this the families of The Lost
Ones demand this the entire people of
Israel are demanding this until we
achieve victory we must we must be
United not a temporary or interim Unity
but a real Unity when I met with the
hero Fighters those injured in in
hospitals I saw such aity amongst
them and I understood such high morale
that is very hard to describe I have met
such Heroes I spoke to
them such high
morale and after I left the
hospital the gani hero who was lost in
battle and how did you meet with the
Prime Minister yes he stood on his legs
and he shouted he said who are you you
are talking about the Vision you are you
are causing Division I embrace him and I
embrace and salute Our Heroes and I
would like to say to all of you don't
heed those who call for division Unity
should embrace all the people of Israel
and majority of people they want Unity
for victory such
Unity such a Unity is in the tank in the
fight
in
Rafa and and across all areas of the
nation we shall fight and together we
shall Prevail questions